Magento Release Notes 2 3 4 penultimate review copy (#6438)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/release-notes/release-notes-2-3-4-commerce.md

### Merchant tool enhancements

*  **Integration with Adobe Stock image galleries**. The new bundled Adobe stock integration extension enables merchants to add high quality media assets to their website content without leaving the Magento Admin. Merchants can use the searchable interface in the Magento Media Gallery to explore, preview, license, and deploy stock images in website content. See [Adobe Stock Integration](https://docs.magento.com/m2/ee/user_guide/cms/adobe-stock.html) and [Using Adobe Stock Images](https://docs.magento.com/m2/ee/user_guide/cms/adobe-stock-manage.html).

### Page Builder

Page Builder enhancements for this release include:

> *  Improved product sorting. Merchants can now sort by product position in category or in list of producSKUs. Sorting by predefined parameters such as name or stock status remains available.

Author: replaced existing text with your suggestion

> *  Product carousel. Merchants can choose how to showcase products in their content by selecting from predefined options in Page Builder Products content type: grid or carousel.

Author: added "the"

> *  Content created with Page Builder can now be displayed in storefronts built with PWA Studio using new PWA & Page Builder components. The unstructured content (HTML) that Page Builder generates and saves into a data base is converted into structured data that works in React and PWA Studio.

Author: got it

### dotdigital

> Live Chat powered by dotdigital enables merchants to increase conversion rates, and keep customers coming back with real-time engagement. All Magento 2.3.x merchants (both Magento Open Source and Magento Commerce) can receive a free live chat agent without the need for a full dotdigital Engagement Cloud license.

Author: got it

New B2B features and improvements include the following:

*  **Ability to export Requisition Lists into CSV format**. B2B buyers can export the contents of Requisition Lists for local editing. These exported lists can then be uploaded into B2B Quick Order for creation of new orders, quotes, or lists. See [Managing Requisition Lists](https://docs.magento.com/m2/b2b/user_guide/customers/account-dashboard-requisition-lists-manage.html).<!--- MC-17417-->

> *  **Granular ACLs for B2B modules**. Merchants can now restrict access to B2B features from the Admin, controlling which employees can work with B2B items and settings. See [Role Resources](https://docs.magento.com/m2/ce/user_guide/system/permissions-role-resources.html. <!--- MC-19649-->

Author: thank you for correcting that URL!

*  Magento no longer throws an error when you open an image from the product image gallery from the storefront product detail page. Previously, Magento returned this JavaScript error in the console: `TypeError: The expression cannot be converted to return the specified type`.

<!--- MAGETWO-99401-->

*  Order-related `save_after_commit` callbacks are now called for guest checkouts as expected. Previously, the corresponding `order _save_commit_after` events were not dispatched.

<!--- MC-17332-->

*  The product counter and page lister on **Catalog** > **Products** now works correctly after the **Add Store Code to Urls** setting has been enabled or disabled.

<!--- MC-19250-->

> *  The new CONSUMERS_WAIT_FOR_MAX_MESSAGES environment variable lets merchants configure how consumers process messages from the message queue. You can set this variable by adding the `consumers-wait-for-messages` option to `bin magento queue:consumers:start`. Using this option can help Magento deployments avoid being affected by long delays in message queue processing. See [Start message queue consumers](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/config-guide/mq/manage-message-queues.html).

Reviewer: I thought the environment variable was for Cloud, while on-premise users specify a new argument?

Author: This is the text that Margaret worked on with the developer, so I will not change it. Will follow up off-Git

<!--- ENGCOM-6158-->

*  You can now swipe on different images in the fullscreen product gallery on touch devices or when touch emulation is enabled in Chrome. *Fix submitted by Mateusz Krzeszowiak in pull request [25233](https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/25233)*. [GitHub-25231](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/25231)

<!--- ENGCOM-5738-->

*  The Admin Address Country drop-down list now takes its values from  the **Allow Countries**  setting that is configured for the Website Store View where the order was made.  *Fix submitted by Oleksii Lisovyi in pull request [24345](https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/24345)*. [GitHub-12560](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/12560)

<!--- ENGCOM-6043-->

*  The Available Countries list  (**Stores** > **General**) has been updated to include the countries identified in the latest version of the Common Locale Data Repository (version  36). *Fix submitted by Bartłomiej Szubert in pull request [24927](https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/24927)*. [GitHub-24710](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/24710)

<!--- ENGCOM-5640-->

> *  Magento no longer serializes user data multiple times when data is loaded by the loadByUsername method. *Fix submitted by Jamie Saunders in pull request [23827](https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/23827)*. [GitHub-23824](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/23824)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Magento no longer serializes user data multiple times when data is loaded by the `loadByUsername` method. *Fix submitted by Jamie Saunders in pull request [23827](https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/23827)*. [GitHub-23824](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/23824)
```

Author: got it

*  You can now successfully import an image from an external URL.

### Index

<!--- MC-18833-->

> *  The Tier Price REST API now considers account indexer mode as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  The `POST /V1/products/tier-prices` call now considers account indexer mode as expected.
```

Author: thank you for finding the correct call.

<!--- ENGCOM-5554-->

*  The performance of the `ProductMetadata::getVersion` method has been improved as a result of adding the caching of he product version. This method is called by many third-party extensions to determine the version of Magento. *Fix submitted by David Verholen in pull request [24030](https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/24030)*. [GitHub-24025](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/24025)

<!--- ENGCOM-6119-->

*  You can now add products with custom options of all types to the shopping cart. *Fix submitted by Alexandr Skrashuk in pull request [25055](https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/25055)*. [GitHub-24726](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/24726)

<!--- ENGCOM-6186-->

*  Decimal numbers have been added to the Sample File in Import CSV section. Previously, using the **Download Sample File** option on the product’s import CSV page created a sample CSV file with a weight of 1, which was of limited use. *Fix submitted by Cristian Sanclemente in pull request [25317](https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/25317)*. [GitHub-23920](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/23920)

<!--- ENGCOM-6171-->

> *  A deprecated method in `\Magento\MysqlMq\Model\Driver\Exchange` has been replaced. Previously, this method caused an exception. *Fix submitted by Tjitse in pull request [25289](https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/25289)*. [GitHub-21904](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/21904)

Reviewer: You have to say which method was replaced!

Author: will ask community member

Author: added the method name - thanks
